Docs: Readme content added (#78)
nickytonline/connect-four: README.md

1. Run `npm install`
1. Run `ntl dev`.

> 
> ### How to work with Storybook?
> 
> 1. To start Storybook, run `npm run storybook`
> 2. For more information on Storybook, see the Official documentation
>      - [Guides](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/get-started/introduction)
> 
>      - [Tutorials](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/)
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: I fixed the formatting and updated the section title as I mentioned previously.

```suggestion
### Working with Storybook

1. To start Storybook, run `npm run storybook`
2. For more information on Storybook, see the Official documentation

   - [Guides](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/get-started/introduction)

   - [Tutorials](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/)

```

1. Run `npm install`
1. Run `ntl dev`.

> 
> ### How to work with Storybook?
> 
> 1. Run the app with  `npm run storybook`
> 2. How to build it by running? - `npm run build-storybook`
> 3. Story Book Official documentation
>      - [Guides](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/get-started/introduction)
> 
>      - [Tutorials](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/)
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: Just some wording changes. Also, I know I said add how to build it, but we can omit that. It's really only required for deploying Storybook.

```suggestion
### Working with Storybook

1. To start Storybook, run `npm run storybook`
2. For more information on Storybook, see the Official documentation
   - [Guides](https://storybook.js.org/docs/react/get-started/introduction)
   - [Tutorials](https://storybook.js.org/tutorials/)

```
